ToDos
        1) Code needs to be looked over and cleaned up, routines
           made "static near", and such.  Maybe use -GW switch for
           several modules.
        2) Scalable/scrollable graphics
        3) Once pawn is promoted UNDO does not restore to pawn.  This also
           appers in the dos and unix versions of gnuchess.  Not sure if
           I'll fix it.  I have tried not to change (this is debatable) the 
           orignal source except to "windowize" it.

From: cracraft@ai.mit.edu
To: dkb@ulana-ultrix.mitre.org
Subject: Suggestions

Suggestion #1
-------------

Clock handling in 1.01 is amiss in a certain situation. Start up the
program, and repeatedly do alt-E/F/E/F this will cause the Edit menu
to be selected and repeatedly force the program to move (menu item
Force). While doing this, look at the computer's clock in the upper
right hand of the screen. You will see it wildly oscillate, not at
all reflecting the time that is actually being taken (initially zero
per move since still in book). But it shows the clock as changing
significantly.

--- fixed version 3.21 dkb

Suggestion #2
-------------

Undoing or Removing (take-back methods) redraw the board. They
shouldn't. They should simply blank the proper square and set the
pieces back to their proper places. Redrawing the whole board/screen
is a major task that should only be done when something terrible has
happened. However, if you like, provide a menu item to redisplay the
board.

--- considered.  However not implemented.  Orignal logic in gnuchess
---              forces complete redraw.
Suggestion #3
-------------

Sometimes pieces vanish in Force or Undo modes. It is not perfectly
reproducible, but if you spend an evening playing around with these
modes, you'll see what I mean. The piece is still on its square, only
invisible. 

--- should be fixed by the clean up of the force command.

Suggestion #4
-------------

I tried to demo GNU Chess for Windows while traveling with my T5100
laptop. I didn't bring my mouse. When I tried to make a move, I found
I had no way to make a move. Arrow keys didn't work. Typing a move
such as "e2e4" didn't work (but does in the other versions of GNU). I
recommend: add arrow-key capabaility and then make keyboard/mouse a
menu item toggle. If toggled mouse (the default), the mouse will be
used. At least people traveling will be able to enjoy the program.

--- Added in version 3.21.  Enter F2 then dialog box prompts for move

Suggestion #5
-------------
Can you please add more time and move-counts to the Time radio
buttons list?  I'd like to be able to set things like 40 moves in 40
minutes, or 45 moves in 2.5 hours or 50 moves in 2.5 hours.

Suggestion #6
-------------
You might consider adding Sudden Death time controls. This is when
the entire game (all moves up to mate, stalemate, or draw) is played
within a fixed period of time. Action Chess is a good menu item to
think about (Game in 30). Each side's clock has a half-hour for the
whole game. A lot of people are playing this popular form of chess
now and it is bringing new players into the game. You might need to
fiddle with the time apportionment algorithms.


Stuart Cracraft

P.S. Addendum to #5, you might add "Arbitrary" to the 
time menu items. This would let the player set
an arbitrary move control and time allotment so any time
control would be supported.

From: cracraft@ai.mit.edu (Stuart Cracraft)
Subject: Chess bug

I just finished a game with GNU Chess 1.01 for Windows. It
lost due to misinterpretation and handling of a simple
command.

Here's the scenario: I had just played a move. Prior to
its making its move (while it is thinking), I selected
Force from the Edit menu.

This option should cause the program to immediately play
the best move it knows from its incomplete search. But
it didn't. I just merrily went on thinking. Bug #1.

Then I selected Undo from a menu -- I wanted to Undo
my last move and play a better move. The program then
produced a board with its queen missing!

Please carefully examine Force/Edit/Undo/Remote. I believe
there are some bad bugs in those areas. 

--- Should be fixed in version 3.21
